# Top-Maruti-Suzuki-Cars-Review-by-Pratham-Motors
Maruti Suzuki Cars, one of the most mind-blowing selling as well as among the vehicles with the longest creation history is going to get considerably seriously energizing. Maruti Suzuki Swift is presently in its third era and by the news drifting, will enter its fourth era at some point in 2023. There are a ton of changes that we anticipate from this new age of Maruti Suzuki Swift. We should view what can accompany the new vehicle in India.  Maruti Suzuki Swift has forever been a go-to incubate for some reasons, including the petroleum heads. Subsequently Swift will get a greater number of highlights than the one right now sold. The new elements incorporate a better instrument group and a greater infotainment framework that likewise accompanies the new Baleno and Brezza. Alongside that, Cruise Control, Traction Control, and perhaps a Heads-up show will be on offer. As the Swift sits one stage lower than the Baleno, we expect not every one of the highlights from the Baleno price Bangalore will make it into the new age of Swift, say Pratham Motors.  Like the new Baleno, the new swift on road price is almost certain to be fueled by a similar motor. It is a 1.2-liter normally suctioned double fly petroleum motor that produces top force of 88bhp and 113 Nm of pinnacle force. Also, as in the past, we don't anticipate that the portal should accompany the double stream super petroleum motor. By and by, controlling the front wheels will jump at the chance to be a choice of either a 5-speed manual transmission. As a programmed gearbox, the vehicle is probably going to get a 5-speed AGS programmed, which is basically an AMT.  The vehicle is basically a Maruti Suzuki Ritz VXI petroleum variant of 2010. The motor removal is 1197/4 chambers, with a power result of 85PS and force 113NM. It is silver in variety with no LPG pack fitment made. A typical mileage of around 16 KMPL has been seen during the possession time frame. Steel wheels having spiral tires rated 165/80R14 and with a ground leeway 1'70MM make this vehicle very solid and stable.  Maruti Suzuki Wagon R mileage fluctuates from 21.5 kmpl for Manual Petrol variation 1.2L ZXi to 22.5 kmpl for Automatic Petrol variation VXi AGS (O). Look at the asserted ARAI mileage for various Maruti Suzuki Wagon R variations. Maruti Suzuki Wagon R [2019-2022] VXi (O) 1.0 is the top model in the Wagon R [2019-2022] setup and the wagon r on road price Bangalore [2019-2022] top model is ₹ 5.56 Lakh.It returns an ensured mileage of 21.79 kmpl. This VXi (O) 1.0 variation accompanies a motor putting out 67 bhp @ 5500 rpm and 90 Nm @ 3500 rpm of max power and max force individually. Maruti Suzuki Wagon R [2019-2022] VXi (O) 1.0 is accessible in Manual transmission and presented in 6 tones: Poolside Blue, Nutmeg Brown, Magma Gray, Silky Silver, Autumn Orange and Solid White. For more information:  Website:https://www.prathammotors.com/  Address: Pratham Motors Pvt. Ltd. #16, Outer Ring Road (Sarjapura - Marathahalli) Bellandur, Bangalore - 560103 Contact:  +91-990 222 3000 Email: info@prathammotors.com
